Make a big move here
No one has dared to talk to Master Qin like that
Not afraid of death
I really don't know the power of the Temple of Wealth
You are the first to dare to speak to me in this tone
But I'm in a good mood today.
You kneel down and kowtow to me three times
I forgive you
Forgive, do you think the Temple of Wealth can forgive you?
Can I forgive you?
OK
What a pity to have the courage!
Even a Valkyrie can't walk out today
This is Tian Xiaojun
The best-equipped job in the world
It is also the most expensive job
these
The average annual salary of each person exceeds 100 million
As expected of this year
Be a good gatekeeper of the Temple of Wealth
Can afford this sky-high marketing army
Land battle, go away
This is the invincible marketing army
You have no chance of leaving
It's too late now
Today I will let you, the god of war, die
future
Your martial world will bow down like my financial world
Lord God of Wealth may send me to His Highness the Grand Palace
It's beautiful what you think
But do you really think that with these marketing armies
You can get trapped